In this video we will create a review API that is a POST method.
Let's go ahead and do that before we create the review post API.
We need to add another field to our product schema.
So it's good to progress.
Yes and we need to add and not one which will be right here on News type Kiama.
Hi Jack.
I the reference will be to review column so each product will have an area of revues object id so that
we could publish this really wrong.
The next thing we want to do is we want to import two things.
So it's good to mean yes and we want to import first with the Be of reviews.
I not too tight not angel
that will be the one.
The other one is Conn's.
Check to.
Do
not go down here.
It is not a post
this time we're using a single waterfall because the second function depends on the first function variable.
So the first thing we do is we passing check check the to check whether the token is value or not that
we can use request ID coded user.
Then we run a single waterfall.
The first function is simply finding a single product.
So we pass in request body product ID which is the idea of the product.
So the front end will well technically the front end will actually send this product ID then if product
does exist then we want to run callback so that it will go or trigger the next function.
So in the next function we created a new review object which is this one so that we could save it.
The reason why we need a product from the fuse function is so that we could push this review I mean
that's why we need to pass the product here.
Finally we saved a product and the review then response the Jason data format.
So let's go ahead and test it out.
Well before that we need to get any product ID to test this out.
You know we had two postmen and first thing we wanted to do is we wanted to look cool to use the API
and those categories for all categories.
She's just one you want to get
your started.
Super foods
correct.
Awesome.
And we want to go and get this OK.
So the first thing I want to is we want to grab this idea and we want to do go to the part of pistis
we want to send.
All right.
This is the single product.
So this next thing you want to do is we want to go home do the API again and then change this to close
body will be.
And then Pierian at G.M. here and G.M. are actually going to com
does.
That's that's it for us.
All right.
Let's get this tokened copy it and let's go.
Open up our new lead route.
Make sure we're safe.
All right.
So cool moves through the API.
You will be Beauce body.
And then first we get our header onto arises and
sure.
All right.
Body will be.
Check it out.
So title and then description and greeting.
That's it.
So we go back to our
brought up an old Scooba check rating.
Let's go ahead and give it five stars.
And the last thing we need is actually crowded.
So mean.
I mean we should be.
Whoops.
This one copied from the second a single product pitch copy the and is
so let's click send successfully added the review.
So currently the reviews if you go to the second tap come in which have zero empty review.
So if we get they have it we have reviews and now you know technically it shows the object ID.
So next time we want to do is we want to you know actually want to populate this field.
So in this video we learn how to create a review API specifically to submit a review in the next review.
We will install a new library to populate even deeper level.
I'll see you guys in the next video.